Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie here,
and today we'll be talking about a fantasy
action film called 47 Ronin, be ready for
some spoilers ahead!
A long time ago in ancient Japan, a boy named
Kai who was rumored to be raised by the demons
fled from the forest and was eventually found
by Lord Asano.
The man decided to adopt him as he sees great
potential in the boy, and the lord allowed
him to live amongst the samurais, even though
it was a great taboo.
Kai grew closer to the lord's daughter Mika,
and eventually they begin to love each other,
but only showed their affections in secret.
Soon, the boy grows up to be a very capable
man, who accompanies his lord on hunting expeditions.
He advices the Lord's right hand man, Oishi
to stay and trap their prey as he noticed
something wrong with the creature,
but the samurai refuses to listen to someone
of such low ranking and orders the men to
move ahead.
Suddenly, a giant beast charges towards the
people and knocks the lord onto the floor.
Oishi sees this and orders everyone to kill
the monster right away.
The creature goes on a rampage and destroys
everything in sight, while the scouts chases
after it closely behind.
The men attacks the creature with arrows and
tries to surround it, but nothing seems works
as the monster begins tossing the samurais
like ragdolls, sending them flying off their
horses.
After causing the party tremendous damage,
the creatures tries to escape by running off
into the forest, but a samurai named Yasuno
chases after it as Kai follows them closely
behind as well.
the samurai tries to attack the monster using
his sword, but gets knocked off his horse
in the process.
The giant creature turns around and sees the
attacker on the floor and charges towards
the man in fury.
Kai sees this and runs towards the sword.
He grabs the blade and stabs the heart of
the monster using the creature's momentum,
which eventually kills it as the monster crashes
to the ground.
Kai takes out the blade from the creature
and offers it back to the samurai, but Yasuno
is offended by the act, being saved by a half
breed who has no rank.
Lord Asano arrives and sees the creature defeated,
thinking that it was the samurai who slayed
the beast.
He gives Yasuno the honor of being his champion
in the upcoming tournament, and cheers in
the name of their country, believing that
fortune is on their side.
As the men begin to leave, Oishi notices that
Kai's hands are full of blood, suggesting
that he's the true slayer of the beast.
Kai also notices something strange as he sees
a white fox with different eye colors and
speculates that the attack may have been orchestrated
by a higher power.
It turns out that the man's speculations are
correct as the fox begins transforming back
into a witch who calls herself Mizuki, and
informs her lord Kira that Asano is still
alive.
Meanwhile, Lady Mika has grown up to be a
beautiful woman, and she quickly goes to the
returning party, after hearing that there
were injuries in the hunting expedition.
After seeing that her father is well, the
woman quickly inquires about the injured men,
but Asanno knows that his daughter only cares
about the well being of Kai.
The woman quickly goes to the isolated house
which Kai lives in, and sees that the man
she loves is injured from the fight.
She tries to help Kai with his injuries, but
the man thanks her and quickly tells her to
go back to her father, as the woman cannot
be seen with someone of such low rankings.
At night, The Shogun arrives at the province
of Ako for the festival that's about to take
place.
Kai watches from afar and notices Mizuki amongst
the concubines of lord Kira and recognizes
the color of her eyes, being the same as the
fox he saw earlier.
He immediately goes to Oishi's resident and
warns the samurai about the witch, who may
endanger the lord's life,
but the samurai ignores Kai's warnings just
like before, as he doesn't respect the opinions
of someone who was raised by the demons.
The next day, Lord Kira arrives in the kingdom
and greets Asano, complementing about the
beauty of the province,
but their relationship quickly becomes strained
when the man disrespects the lord by showing
rude behaviors when he started flirting with
lady Mika.
They sit together and begin watching the tournament
as Kira brings out his champion for the fight.
The huge man begins walking towards the stadium
and towers over everyone, as the audience
watch in amazement at the sheer size of the
fighter.
At the same time, Yasuno sees the witch in
her animal form and falls victim to her magic.
Kai rushes towards the samurai and realizes
that the man can no longer compete.
In order to save his lord from disgrace, the
main character puts on the samurai armor and
covers his face so that he may replace Yasuno
in the tournament.
After both fighters bow towards the lords,
They draw out their swords and prepare for
combat.
The giant samurai begins attacking Kai with
a furry of slashes and knocks the man backwards
with incredible strength.
They continue to fight and Kai manages to
land multiple hits on the opponent,
but eventually breaks the Katana on the giant's
armor and get knocked away from the ring,
losing his helmet in the process and revealing
his true identity.
The Shogun stops the fight and walks towards
the ring, only to see that Kai is a half-bred
who's clearly not a samurai.
He immediately orders to kill the man, but
Mika rushes in to protect her lover while
lord Asano begs the Shogun to spare the man's
life.
The ruler walks away in fury and the samurais
from Ako are forced to strip away Kai's armor
and begins beating him continuously for embarrassing
their lord until the man falls unconscious.
realizing that Asano is mentally conflicted
from the embarrassments, Mizuki conjures a
spider using Kira's blood.
She secretly goes to the old man's room at
night and poisons him using the creature's
venoms, causing the lord to hallucinate and
see his daughter being defiled by Kira.
The man charges into his rival's room and
cuts him with a sword, waking up everyone
as they try to stop Asano from killing the
lord.
As a result of attacking the guest inside
his own palace, the Shogun sentences Asano
to die, but allows him to keep his honor by
comiting Seppuku, as the lord's family watches
in tears.
After Asano's death, The Shogun announces
that Mika would be married to Kira in order
to mend the conflicts between the two houses,
but only gives her one year to mourn for her
father's death.
The ruler also forbids Oishi and his men to
take vengeance against Kira, and tells them
that they are now Ronin without masters, leaving
their fate in the hands of the lord.
Kira immediately banishes the samurais from
the province of Ako, and takes Kai away as
a hostage and slave, while Mika watches in
despair.
He then imprisons Oishi and throws him into
the cells, trying to break the man's will
for revenge.
One year later, Kira's men takes the samurai
out from the underground prison and throws
him on the streets, while his wife and son
takes him into shelter immediately.
He learns that everyone has left the province
and that Kai was sold as a slave.
Oishi promptly tells his son to prepare the
horses and rides day and night until they
reach the Dutch Islands.
He walks into the fighting arena and sees
that Kai is fighting against a monstrous opponent
who tries to kill the man with every blow.
However, kai quickly gains the advantage and
slices the monster across the stomach, before
decapitating the creature and winning the
fight.
Oishi tries to talk with Kai, but gets attacked
immediately as the main character blames him
for the Asano's death.
Their fight continues until Oishi mentions
that lady Mika is being held against her will,
and the two begins fighting the slave masters,
eventually escaping the area together after
burning the place down.
Oishi explains to Kai that lady Mika will
be forced to marry Kira in a week of time,
and he plans to unite with all the Ronins
in order to save the girl and avenge their
master's death.
They ride to a secret location where all his
previous comrades have gathered,
and explains that he plans to assassinate
their lord's murderer, when Kira leaves the
castle to gain blessings from his ancestors
for the upcoming marriage.
He tells one of the samurais to find out the
exact date that Kira plans to leave in order
to organize their assassination properly,
while he goes with the rest of the men to
gather available weapons.
They arrive at the nearby town, only to find
that it's heavily guarded by Kira's men, making
it impossible to purchase any swords.
At night, Kai tells Oishi that there's another
way to get weapons for the samurais, but the
mission requires them to venture into the
sea of trees amongst the demons known as Tengus.
With no other choice, the Ronins ride for
the Tengu Forest and Kai brings them in front
of a giant Buddha statue.
He tells everyone to wait outside except for
Oishi who accompanies him to meet the demons.
They enter the cave and Kai tells the samurai
that he mustn't draw his sword no matter what
happens inside.
The two sees numerous monks kneeling in front
of the Buddha statue and the main character
tells Oishi to wait for him here.
Kai arrives inside a smaller cave where a
blade is put in the center of the room, while
another demon walks towards him welcoming
his return.
The creature questions why the main character
is helping those men outside, when they treated
him so poorly from before, but Kai replies
that they are good men and that their goal
is just.
The demon continues to demoralize the man
by stating that the world offers him nothing,
and that he'll never be with Mika in this
life time,
but Kai accepts this with humility and vows
to find her in the next life.
Seeing the man's resolve, the demon tells
him to take the sword if he can, and both
of them flys towards the blade using their
magic,
but Kai manages to retrieve the Katana before
his master and wins the battle between the
two.
At the same time, Oishi turns around and sees
that his men have entered the temple despite
his orders, and Yasuno draws the sword after
seeing the demons on the ground.
The creatures began attacking the samurais
and killing them one by one using their magic
which makes them impossible to strike.
Oishi sees this and is tempted to draw his
sword, but remembers what Kai has told him
before and manages to restrain his actions
until every one of the samurais are killed.
It turns that everything was hallucinated
by Oishi as part of the test that the Tengus
have placed on him, and numerous Katanas appear,
indicating that he's won the battle of will.
They leave the forest after taking their new
weapons and arrive at the farm house where
the Ronins are hiding out.
Oishi is notified by one of his samurais who
found out that Kira is leaving for the shrines
tonight, which prompts him to gather all his
men in order to assassinate the lord.
They slowly approach the area filled with
hay and sees the silhouette of their target
in front of a shrine, only guarded by two
men.
The person turns around, and the samurai is
shocked to see that it's the witch, who attacks
them with fire and burns the entire area,
surrounding them in flames.
The men are ambushed by numerous arrows and
killed one by one.
The giant Golem appears as well and butchers
the Ronins as they run for their lives.
The group goes back to the farmhouse in defeat,
and Oishi questions hopelessly about what
to do next
while Kai tries to reassure his comrade that
not all is lost and that they still have the
weapons and the elements of surprise.
The next morning, Kai sees a group of wedding
performers heading towards Kira's castle and
realizes the opportunity that's presented
in front of them.
They stop the performers and take their costumes,
planning to disguise themselves in order to
move closer to assassinating the lord.
At night, the samurais manage to avoid detection
from Kira's guards and make it into the fortress
without suspicion.
Lord Kira takes lady Mika and plans to finally
have their wedding and gaining control of
Ako in the process.
They sit in front of the stage and begin enjoying
the show as the samurais perform at crowd
in order to distract the soldiers.
The Ronins take this opportunity to retrieve
their weapons and invade the area, ambushing
and killing off the guards without detection.
Oishi continues to perform on stage as he
moves closer to the lord, taking the blade
that was hidden and charges in for the kill,
but his attack was prevented by an arrow from
the guards, and the people run in fear as
they become aware of the assassins.
The Ronins began attacking the soldiers as
Kira runs away, taking Mika into the castle
from the flying arrows.
The giant golem charges towards the men, but
gets engulfed by the exploding trap that the
samurais have placed which turns him into
pieces.
Kai begins chasing after Kira along side Oishi
as they cut down numerous incoming soldiers
trying to stop the two men.
Mika manages to escape her captor and runs
the other way, while Kira abandons everything
in order to save his own life.
After disposing the guards, Oishi runs towards
the lord while Kai goes to save the princess.
Mika makes it outside the building and into
the courtyard as she finally sees her lover,
and they run towards each other as they finally
embrace.
Their reunion is cut short when a ghostly
kimono flys in front of them through the air
and lands on the ground, transforming into
the witch, who plans to kill both of them.
The woman walks closer towards the couple
and begins transforming again, revealing her
true form which resembles a massive dragon
that levitates in the air.
The creature attacks Kai furiously, but the
man is able to defend himself and strike back,
causing the monster to retreat temporarily.
Kai tells Mika to hide behind the walls, while
he prepares to battle the dragon to the death.
At the same time, Oishi finds Kira inside
the neighboring room and begins attacking
the man through the walls.
He enters the room and continues to hit at
the enemy, knocking the man to the floor as
Kira desperately tries to defend himself.
Oishi tackles Kira and sent both of them crashing
through the walls.
He throws the lord onto the floor and continues
to kick the man with anger, eventually disabling
him and grabs him from behind.
Oishi takes the blade that his lord used to
commit suicide, and stabs Kira in the heart.
He then cuts the man's head off in a single
strike and brings it outside to his comrades,
showing them that they have won the battle.
The soldiers all surrender at the sight of
Kira's death, and the Ronins look up at at
their leader, realizing that they've finally
avenged their lord's honor.
Meanwhile, Kai continues to fight the dragon
by striking its face, causing the monster
to throw the concrete pillars at the man in
frustration.
The creature then summons a stream of flames
towards Kai, as the warrior splits the elements
with the blade, rendering the dragon's magic
useless.
Kai begins to attack the monster offensively
by slashing it continuously, forcing the creature
back to a corner.
He tries to stab the dragon, but it grabs
onto the man's katana and throws him in the
air away from the sword.
The monster then begins to target Mika as
it roars furiously towards the woman, but
Kai manages to use the Tengu's magic and takes
the blade from floor while rushing towards
the dragon.
Kai jumps into the air and stabs the creature
through the head, causing it to tumble to
the floor and scream in pain.
The monster then begins transforming back
into Mizuki as the woman dies while taking
her last breath.
The Ronins walk out of the castle as the enemy
soldier all kneel before them and lay down
their weapons in submission.
The samurais head back to Ako and they are
finally able to honor their lord in front
his grave, by offering the dagger that killed
Kira as tribute.
The Shogun is notified of Kira's death and
sentences every one of the Ronins to die,
but he allows them to regain their honor by
committing Seppuku just like their lord, as
they showed honor by avenging their master
while following the way of Bushido.
Mika watches in sadness as Kai and the other
men prepare to go through the ritual, and
cries knowing that she'll never see her lover
anymore in this life.
She stares on the bridge and looks into the
distance, remembering Kai's promise to look
for her in their next life together.
So what do you guys think about this movie?
Let me know in the comments below! and if
you like my video, please press like and subscribe
for more, I'll see you guys next time!